#
# dotphiles : https://github.com/dotphiles/dotphiles
#
# Config for dotsync.
#
# Authors:
#   Ben O'Hara <bohara@gmail.com>
#

# Location of your dotfiles in $HOME
# DOTFILES=.dotfiles

# dotfiles to symlink
#
# srcfile:dstfile
# dstfile will be '.$srcfile' by default (with path removed)
#
[files]
# Uncomment examples below
dotsyncrc
ack/ackrc
aptitude
bin:bin
ctags/ctags
cmus
#curl/curlrc
git/gitconfig
git/gitignore
git/gitattributes
git/tigrc
git/gitk
gnupg
grc
input/editrc
input/inputrc
irssi
mercurial/hgrc
mercurial/hgignore
#mutt
#mutt/muttrc
#mutt/offlineimaprc
mysql/my.cnf
postgresql/psqlrc
python/pythonrc
python/pylintrc
rpm/rpmmacros
ruby/irbrc
ruby/pryrc
ruby/gemrc
ruby/railsrc
ruby/rdebugrc
ruby/aprc
ruby/caprc
screen/screenrc
shell/hushlogin
shell/urlview
subversion
task/task
task/taskrc
terminfo
tmux/tmux.conf
tmux/tmuxinator
tmux/tmuxp
tmux/tmuxifier
vim/dotvim:.vim
vim/vimrc
vim/gvimrc
wget/wgetrc
zsh/fasdrc
zsh/dotzsh:.zsh
zsh/zlogin
zsh/zlogout
zsh/zprofile
zsh/zshenv
zsh/zshrc
[endfiles]

# Hosts to sync
## hostname                     type=masterhost, ANY or NONE    files=dotfile:tolink,another:tolink
[hosts]
macbook-air.benohara.net        git=NONE                        files=beets/config.yaml:.config/beets/config.yaml,ssh
mac-mini.benohara.net           git=macbook-air.benohara.net    files=beets/config.yaml:.config/beets/config.yaml,ssh
nas.benohara.net                rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net  files=ssh
pi.benohara.net                 rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net  files=ssh
desktop-vm                      rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net  files=ssh

mgmt1.mel.arsrs.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.syd.arsrs.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.akl.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.akl.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.ams.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.ams.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.ams.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.ams.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.ams.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.ams.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.bne.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.bne.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.bog.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.bog.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.hkg.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.hkg.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.ist.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.ist.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.jbo.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.jbo.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.mad.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.mad.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.mad.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.mad.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.mad.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.mad.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.mel.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.mel.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.mel.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.mel.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.mel.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.mia.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.mia.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.mia.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.mia.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.mia.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.mia.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.nbo.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.nbo.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.per.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.per.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.sao.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.sao.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.sjc.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.sto.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.sto.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.syd.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.syd.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.syd.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.syd.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.syd.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.syd.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.tky.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.tky.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.tky.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.tky.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.tky.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.tky.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.tor.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns2.tor.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns3.tor.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns4.tor.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns5.tor.ardns.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
mgmt1.tor.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth1.stag.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth1.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth2.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth3.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth4.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth1.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth2.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth3.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth4.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
build1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
office-backup.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au  rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
backup1.office.arsrs.local      rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db1.mel.arsrs.local             rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db2.mel.arsrs.local             rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db3.mel.arsrs.local             rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dnsstats1.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dnsstats2.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dnsstats3.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dnsstats1.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dnsstats2.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dnsstats3.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
webdns1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
webdns2.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
webdns1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
webdns2.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db1.stag.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db2.stag.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
otedb1.stag.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
occ1.stag.arsrs.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
occ2.stag.arsrs.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
psg-confluence.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
staging-db.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
jde.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
occ1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
occ1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
otedb1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
otedb1.syd.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
webdns1.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db1.syd.arsrs.local             rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db2.syd.arsrs.local             rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
db3.syd.arsrs.local             rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
storage.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
satellite1.mel.arsrs.local      rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dns1.stag.ardns.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
backup1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
backup1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
psg-apps.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au  rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ldap2.burnleyst.vic.ausregistry.com.au     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-epp1.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-whois.stag.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-epp1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-epp2.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-epp3.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-epp1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-epp2.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-epp3.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
epp1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
epp2.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
epp1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
epp2.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry1.stag.arsrs.local      rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
webdns1.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
stealth1.stag.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ca-test.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
netmon2.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
slamon1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
slamon1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ids1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ids1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
syslog1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
syslog1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-stealth1.stag.arsrs.local    rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-mgmt1.stag.arsrs.local   rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-app1.stag.arsrs.local    rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-app1.mel.arsrs.local     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-app2.mel.arsrs.local     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-app3.mel.arsrs.local     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-app1.syd.arsrs.local     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-app2.syd.arsrs.local     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
au-web-app3.syd.arsrs.local     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
whois1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
whois2.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
whois1.syd.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
whois2.syd.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote2.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote2.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote1.stag.arsrs.local           rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry1.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry2.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry3.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry4.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry5.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry6.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry1.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry2.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry3.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry4.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry5.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
registry6.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
escrow1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
escrow1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
escrow1.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
reseller1.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
reseller2.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
reseller1.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
reseller2.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote-reseller1.mel.arsrs.local   rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote-reseller1.syd.arsrs.local   rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
reseller1.stag.arsrs.local      rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote-reseller1.stag.arsrs.local  rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
build1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
csr-prod-staging.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
whois1.stag.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ote-orer-web1.mel.arsrs.local   rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
confluence1.office.arsrs.local  rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
docker1.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-cer-ci1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au    rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-app1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-app2.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au       rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-cer-testing2.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au   rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-cer-ci1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au    rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-rhel6-showcase.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-orer-testing1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au  rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-vm1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-vm2.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-util-linux1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au    rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-dnrs-registry.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au  rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-cer-ci-desktop.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-mingle.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-dnrs-eppclient.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-cer-ci-dt1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-cer-ci-dt2.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-cer-ci-dt3.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au     rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-db1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au    rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-db2.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au    rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
dev-dnrs-dev1.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au  rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
jira-test.stag.arsrs.local      rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
ops1.office.arsrs.local         rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-web1.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-web2.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-web1.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-web2.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-ote1.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-ote2.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-ote1.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net
cer-ote2.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net

[endhosts]

